Added, registered aws-lb-security-groups annotation (#43009)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/reference/labels-annotations-taints/_index.md

See [annotations](https://kubernetes-sigs.github.io/aws-load-balancer-controller/latest/guide/service/annotations/)
in the AWS load balancer controller documentation.

> ### service.beta.kubernetes.io/load-balancer-security-group {#service-beta-kubernetes-io-aws-load-balancer-security-groups}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### service.beta.kubernetes.io/aws-load-balancer-security-groups {#service-beta-kubernetes-io-aws-load-balancer-security-groups}
```

Example: `service.beta.kubernetes.io/aws-load-balancer-security-groups: "sg-53fae93f, sg-8725gr62r"`

> Used On: Service

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Used on: Service
```
For consistency in context

Author: Noted. I'll update the change. Any other change you would like to suggest @windsonsea ?

Reviewer 2: Need to wait for approvers come in. This can be marked with `Resolve conversation`.

The cloud controller manager integration with AWS elastic load balancing configures
this annotation to specify a comma seperated list of frontend securityGroups you want
to attach to an NLB. Both name and ID of securityGroups are supported where name matches
a `Name` tag, not the `groupName` attribute.

When not present, the controller will automatically create one security group.
When present, all other previously assigned security groups are replaced by this list.
Also you need to configure the security groups on your target instances/ENIs to allow
inbound traffic from the load balancer.

> 

Reviewer: The annotation has been removed in v1.27.
- https://github.com/kubernetes/kubernetes/pull/115838

We'd better add a reminder here.
```suggestion

{{< note >}}
Starting in v1.27, this annotation was removed.
{{< /note >}}

```
/cc @torredil  @dims  for confirm

Author: should i remove this information here:
```
Also you need to configure the security groups on your target instances/ENIs to allow
inbound traffic from the load balancer.
``` 
And mention the note? I'll rather add a link to the documentation. WDYT?

Reviewer 3: This note is not necessary. We already have a note before this one.

Author: Noted.

Reviewer 4: See https://github.com/kubernetes/website/pull/43009#discussion_r1332168164

See [annotations](https://kubernetes-sigs.github.io/aws-load-balancer-controller/latest/guide/service/annotations/)
in the AWS load balancer controller documentation.

### service.beta.kubernetes.io/aws-load-balancer-security-groups (deprecated) {#service-beta-kubernetes-io-aws-load-balancer-security-groups}

Example: `service.beta.kubernetes.io/aws-load-balancer-security-groups: "sg-53fae93f, sg-8725gr62r"`

Used on: Service

> The cloud controller manager integration with AWS elastic load balancing configures

Reviewer 3: Are you sure this annotation is added by the CCM?

Author: This annotation as per my knowledge is configured by AWS Load Balancer controller. I am not sure, Would like to know your suggestion. How about i rewrite it like this 

```
The official Kubernetes integration with AWS elastic load balancing configures
this annotation to specify a comma seperated list of frontend securityGroups you want
to attach to an NLB. Both name and ID of securityGroups are supported where name matches
a `Name` tag, not the `groupName` attribute.

When the annotation is not present, the AWS Load Balancer controller will automatically create one security group.
When this annotation is present, all other previously assigned security groups are replaced by this list.
Also you need to configure the security groups on your target instances/ENIs to allow
inbound traffic from the load balancer.
```

Author: I have added the AWS Load Balancer Controller in the later lines to specify which controller we are talking about.

this annotation to specify a comma seperated list of frontend securityGroups you want
to attach to an NLB. Both name and ID of securityGroups are supported where name matches

> a `Name` tag, not the `groupName` attribute.

Reviewer 4: Please document the actual current use of this annotation, which I believe is by the AWS Load Balancer controller.

However, if you do not know the right answer, you should very clearly mention in the PR description about which details may not be right or are relying on guesses.

Informed guesses are OK, but you should be looking at source code, other documentation etc.

Author: Noted. 
Also would like to leave the reference link of official was page for some of the information mentioned here: https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/containers/network-load-balancers-now-support-security-groups/

> When not present, the controller will automatically create one security group.

Reviewer 3: "When not present", what is not present?
This is not a complete sentence.

Author: This is meant to indicate the condition when the annotation and its value are not present.

When present, all other previously assigned security groups are replaced by this list.
Also you need to configure the security groups on your target instances/ENIs to allow
inbound traffic from the load balancer.

{{< note >}}

> Starting in v1.27, this annotation is removed. Use of the external cloud provider and CSI driver from https://github.com/kubernetes/cloud-provider-aws instead is recommended.

Reviewer 3: Please wrap the long lines ...

Author: Sure, will do. This got missed while adding  new changes. my bad.

> Starting in v1.27, this annotation is removed. Use of the external cloud provider and CSI driver from https://github.com/kubernetes/cloud-provider-aws instead is recommended.

Reviewer 4: Try this:
```suggestion
Kubernetes v1.27 and later do not directly set or read this annotation. However, the AWS
load balancer controller (part of the Kubernetes project) does still use the
`service.beta.kubernetes.io/aws-load-balancer-security-groups` annotation.
```

Author: Noted. this is much clearer. thanks for the correction.

See [annotations](https://kubernetes-sigs.github.io/aws-load-balancer-controller/latest/guide/service/annotations/)
in the AWS load balancer controller documentation.

### service.beta.kubernetes.io/aws-load-balancer-security-groups (deprecated) {#service-beta-kubernetes-io-aws-load-balancer-security-groups}

> Example: `service.beta.kubernetes.io/aws-load-balancer-security-groups: "sg-53fae93f, sg-8725gr62r"`

Reviewer 3: can the annotation value contain spaces?

Used on: Service

The AWS load balancer controller uses this annotation to specify a comma seperated list

> of frontend securityGroups you want to attach to an NLB. Both name and ID of securityGroups

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
of  security groups you want to attach to an AWS load balancer. Both name and ID of security
```

Reviewer 4: I wouldn't specify in _Kubernetes_ docs what kind of load balancer you get. That detail may change through work outside of Kubernetes.

are supported where name matches a `Name` tag, not the `groupName` attribute.

> When this annotation is added to the Service, the controller attaches the security groups

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
When this annotation is added to a Service, the load-balancer controller attaches the security groups
```

Author: Right. that might clarify in case of confusion. will add this and update.

> referenced by the annotation. This effectively allows your security team to manage the

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
referenced by the annotation to the load balancer. This effectively allows your security team to manage the
```

> When this annotation is added to a Service, the load-balancer controller attaches the security groups
> referenced by the annotation to the loadbalancer. This effectively allows your security team to manage the
> security groups assigned to the load balancer. On the other hand, when the annotation
> is omitted, the controller automatically creates a security group and attaches it to the load balancer.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
When this annotation is added to a Service, the load-balancer controller attaches the security groups
referenced by the annotation to the load balancer. If you omit this annotation, the AWS load balancer
controller automatically creates a new security group and attaches it to the load balancer.
```

Author: This looks better, i can add this in new commit.
